Security.  The payment of this Note and the  Company's  obligations
hereunder,  and under the Warrant and the Registration Rights Agreement (as such
terms are defined in the Memorandum) are not secured by any collateral.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY

The Company represents and warrants to the Purchaser that:

Section 4.1 Due Incorporation and Qualification and Capital
Structure. The Company is a corporation duly incorporated and validly existing
under the laws of the state of Texas and has all requisite corporate power to
carry on its business as now being conducted. The Company is qualified to do
business in each other jurisdiction in which its failure to so qualify would
materially and adversely affect the Company or its financial condition,
business or ability to perform the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

(a)  The Company has all necessary corporate power and
authority to enter into and carry out the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, to issue the Notes, to execute and
deliver the Warrants, and to issue the TMRC Converted Shares pursuant to the
Notes or the Warrants, as the case may be.

(b)  The Company's execution, delivery and performance of
this Agreement, the issuance of the Notes, the execution and delivery of the
Warrants, and the issuance of the TMRC Converted Shares pursuant to the Notes
or the Warrants, as the case may be, have been duly and validly authorized and
approved by all necessary corporate action on the part of the Company.

(c)  The execution, delivery and performance of this
Agreement by the Company, and the transactions contemplated hereby, the
issuance of the Notes, the execution and delivery of the Warrants, and the
issuance of the TMRC Converted Shares pursuant to the Notes or the Warrants, as
the case may be, will not violate (i) any provision of the articles of
incorporation or bylaws of the Company, (ii) any material agreement or
instrument to which the Company is a party or by which the Company is bound,
(iii) any judgment, order, ruling or decree applicable to the Company as a
party in interest or (iv) any Governmental Requirement applicable to the
Company.

(d)  This Agreement is, and each Note and Warrant, if and
when executed and delivered by the Company, will be, a valid and binding
agreement and obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in
accordance with its terms, except as limited by (i) applicable bankruptcy,
moratorium, insolvency or other similar laws affecting generally the rights of
creditors, (ii) general principles of equity or (iii) the indemnification
provisions contained in this Agreement being subject to limitations under
public policy.

Authorization for TMRC Common Stock. The Company has
taken all necessary corporate action to permit it to issue the number of shares
of TMRC Common Stock to be issued upon conversion of the Notes or exercise of
the Warrants. The shares of TMRC Common Stock to be issued upon conversion of
the Notes or exercise of the Warrants will, when issued pursuant to the terms
of this Agreement, the Notes and the Warrants, as the case may be, be validly
issued, fully paid and nonassessable and not subject to preemptive rights.

SEC Documents. The Company has provided or made
available to the Purchaser the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 1998 (the "10-K"), Amendment No. 1 to the 10-K on Form
10-K/A, the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March
31, 1999, the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 5, 1999, and the
Company's proxy statement with respect to its Annual Meeting of Shareholders
for 1999 (such documents collectively referred to herein as the "SEC
Documents"). As of their respective dates, (i) the SEC Documents complied in
all material respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act, and the rules
and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder applicable to such SEC
Documents, and (ii) none of the SEC Documents contained any untrue statement of
a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the
circumstances under which they were
made, not misleading. The consolidated financial statements of the Company
included in the SEC Documents comply as to form in all material respects with
applicable accounting requirements and the published rules and regulations of
the Commission with respect thereto, were prepared in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis during the periods
involved (except as may be indicated in the notes thereto) and fairly present
the consolidated financial position of the Company and its consolidated
subsidiaries as of the dates thereof and the consolidated results of their
operations and cash flows for the periods then ended. Since March 31, 1999,
other than as discussed in the SEC Documents, there has been no material
adverse change in the business of the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a
whole.

