Principal  Repayment  Period.  Beginning as of the end of the Interest
Accrual Period  (initially  October 1, 2002, but as may be adjusted  pursuant to
Section 1.1 above),  the sum of all principal and accrued  interest  through the
last day of the Interest  Accrual  Period shall be repaid in  twenty-four  equal
monthly  installments  beginning on the last day of the Interest  Accrual Period
and  continuing  on the first day of the  subsequent  twenty-three  months.  The
period of time  beginning  on the last day of the  Interest  Accrual  Period and
ending on the first day of the month that is twenty- three months after the last
day of the  Interest  Accrual  Period  shall be  referred  to as the  "Principal
Repayment Period".  For example,  if the last day of the Interest Accrual Period
is October 1, 2002, the Principal Repayment Period shall be from October 1, 2002
through September 1, 2004.

Borrower will pay Lender  principal and interest that is not converted into
shares of  Goodrich-Delaware's  common stock pursuant to the Conversion  Option,
and loan fees by check made payable to the Lender drawn on a United  States bank
and for United  States  dollars,  or by wire transfer to an account of Lender at
Lender's  address  shown above or at such other place as Lender may designate in
writing. Unless otherwise agreed or required by applicable law, payments will be
applied first to any remaining  amount of any unpaid  collection  costs and late
charges, then to accrued unpaid interest and then to any unpaid principal.

Borrower shall pay Interest quarterly in arrears on each March 31,
June 30, September 30 and December 31, of each year or, if any such date shall
not be a Business Day, on the next succeeding Business Day to occur after such
date (each date upon which interest shall be so payable, an "INTEREST PAYMENT
DATE").

Form of Interest Payment. For the first seven (7)
Interest Payment Dates beginning on September 30, 1999, Interest shall accrue
but not be paid. Any interest on this Note which has accrued, but not been paid
(or converted into Common Stock of the Borrower in accordance with Section
3(f)), as of the eighth (8th) Interest Payment Date shall be paid on such date
at the Borrower's option either in cash or by the issuance of additional like
securities ("PIK SECURITIES") with a principal amount equal to the amount of
such accrued but unpaid interest. Within 90 days following the eighth 
(8th) Interest Payment Date, PIK Securities not converted into shares of Common
Stock of the Borrower and paid on or prior to such eighth (8th) Interest Payment
Date may, at the option of the Borrower, be repaid in cash, subject to no
prepayment penalty and without compliance with Section 5. With respect to
Interest accruing after the eighth (8th) Interest Payment Date, the Borrower
shall have the option to elect at the beginning of such interest period whether
to pay such interest in the form of cash or PIK Securities; provided, however,
that if the Borrower does not so elect at the beginning of such interest period,
Interest shall be paid for such interest period in the same manner as it was
paid in the immediately preceding interest period.

2. Scheduled Payment of Principal. On the Maturity Date, the
Borrower shall pay to the Holder the entire principal amount, plus all accrued
and unpaid interest, of this Note which is then unpaid.