Conversion  Price.  The  "Conversion  Price" as used herein shall mean
$4.00, as adjusted pursuant to Section 3.2 hereof.

If after  October 1, 2002,  neither  (a) the
common  stock of  Goodrich-Delaware  has a closing  price of at least  $3.00 per
share  nor  (b)  the  net  asset  value  per  share  of  the  common   stock  of
Goodrich-Delaware  is at least  $3.00  (calculated  by  valuing  the oil and gas
reserves of  Goodrich-Delaware on a consolidated basis at their SEC PV10% value,
and all other assets and  liabilities  in  accordance  with  Generally  Accepted
Accounting Principles ("GAAP")), both as adjusted pursuant to Section 3.2 hereof
(the "Lafitte  Conversion  Benchmark");  then the accrued interest and principal
amount  outstanding,  or any  portion  of it,  shall  be  convertible  into  the
Borrower's  membership  units  pursuant to the provisions of this Section 4 (the
"Alternative Conversion Option").

Conversion Rate. The accrued interest and principal amount outstanding,
or any  portion  of it,  shall be  convertible  into a number of the  Borrower's
membership  units,  which  number of units shall be equal to the quotient of (a)
the total  accrued  interest and  outstanding  principal  subject to  conversion
divided  by (b) the Total  Borrower's  Convertible  Debt  Amount,  times (c) the
Adjustment Factor, as defined herein. The Adjustment Factor shall mean 100% less
one  half of the  percentage  by  which  the  Value  of  Lafitte  exceeds  Total
Borrower's  Convertible Debt Amount;  provided that the Adjustment  Factor shall
never be less than 50%.

Conversion. The Holder of this Note will have the right, exercisable
at any time on or before  the  Maturity  Date,  by notice to the  Company at its
principal  office,  at the Holder's option, to convert the then unpaid principal
amount of this Note (or any  portion  hereof  that is an  integral  multiple  of
$1,000) into 500 fully paid and non-assessable shares of common stock, par value
$.10 per share,  of the Company (the "Common Stock") for each $1,000 face amount
of this Note,  representing a conversion price equal to $2.00 per share, subject
to adjustment as set forth below (the  "Conversion  Price").  The Company may at
any time,  by notice  to the  Holder,  require  the  conversion  of this Note in
accordance  with this Section 6, and the Holder shall  promptly  surrender  this
Note for conversion  following such notice,  provided that the Closing Price for
the Common Stock for thirty (30)  consecutive  trading days prior to such notice
is equal to or greater than $6.00 per share.

Conversion  Price  Adjustment.  Whenever the number of Conversion
Shares is adjusted,  as herein provided,  the Conversion Price payable upon
the  conversion of this Note shall be adjusted to that price  determined by
multiplying the Conversion Price  immediately prior to such adjustment by a
fraction  (i) the  numerator  of which  shall be the  number of  Conversion
Shares  immediately  prior to such adjustment,  and (ii) the denominator of
which shall be the number of Conversion Shares immediately thereafter.

(f) 1996 EBITDA Adjustment. The Conversion Price shall additionally be
adjusted in the following circumstances:

(i) if the  Company  shall  achieve  1996 EBITDA (as such term is
defined in Section  13(h)) in an amount of less than  $6,000,000,  the
Conversion Price shall be reduced to $1.50 per share; and

(ii) if the  Company  shall  achieve  1996 EBITDA in an amount of
less than $4,750,000  (together with the $6,000,000 amount referred to
above, the "Adjusted Amounts"),  the Conversion Price shall be reduced
to $1.00 per share;

Conversion  Price.  The  "Conversion  Price" as used herein shall mean
$4.00, as adjusted pursuant to Section 3.2 hereof.

Treatment of Interest Upon Conversion. Upon conversion of
this Note, interest shall cease to accrue thereon and the Holder converting such
Note shall receive with respect to all accrued and unpaid interest (x) if in
accordance with Section 1(d) such accrued interest was to be paid in cash, such
accrued interest shall be paid to such holder in cash and (y) if in accordance
with Section 1(d) such accrued interest was to be paid in PIK Securities such
accrued interest shall be converted into additional shares of Common Stock at a
conversion price equal to the then effective Conversion Price; provided,
however, in the event that the Holder converts the principal of this Note into
Common Stock of the Borrower on or prior to the second anniversary of the
Closing Date, then the Holder shall be entitled, at the Holder's election, to
convert up to $1,600,000 of Interest into additional shares of Common Stock on
the basis set forth in preceding clause (y) and the Borrower shall be entitled
to determine whether the remainder of the accrued interest shall be paid in cash
or PIK Securities upon such conversion and in the event the Borrower determines
to pay such interest in PIK Securities such PIK Securities may be converted, at
the Holder's election, into additional shares of Common Stock in accordance with
preceding clause (y).

(s) Determination of Current Market Price. The "CURRENT MARKET
PRICE PER SHARE" on any date shall mean the average of the Quoted Prices of the
Common Stock for the fifteen (15) consecutive Business Days ending before the
day in question. If no such Quoted Prices are available, however, "Current
Market Price Per Share" shall be the fair market value per share of the Common
Stock taking into account applicable control premium determined as of such date
without regard to the illiquidity of the Common Stock as determined by an
independent investment banker who is mutually acceptable to the Borrower and
Holder and whose fees and expenses shall be paid by the Borrower. "QUOTED PRICE"
means, with respect to any security on any date, the average of the closing
prices on such day of such security on all domestic securities exchanges and
inter-dealer quotation systems providing last sale information on which such
security is then listed or tracked, or, if there have been no sales on any such
exchange or inter-dealer quotation system on such day, the average of the
highest bid and lowest asked prices on all such exchanges or inter-dealer
quotation system at the end of such day or, if on any such day such security is
not so listed, the average of the representative bid and asked prices quoted on
NASDAQ as of 4:00 P.M., New York time, on such day, or if on any day such
security is not quoted on NASDAQ, the average of the highest bid and lowest
asked prices on such day in the domestic over-the-counter market as reported by
the National Quotation Bureau, Incorporated, or any similar successor
organization.

(b) Conversion Rate. The number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon
conversion of any Conversion Amount pursuant to Section 3(a) shall be
determined by dividing (x) such Conversion Amount by (y) the Conversion Price
(the Conversion Rate).
