PREPAYMENT. Some or all of the  outstanding  principal and accrued  interest under this
Note may be prepaid at any time,  provided  that a penalty fee is paid to Lender
equal to 10% of such principal and interest being prepaid, pursuant to the terms
described  herein (the  "Prepayment  Option").  Borrower  may only  exercise the
Prepayment Option, if after giving Lender twenty (20) day's prior written notice
Lender has not  elected to  exercise  its  Conversion  Option for such amount as
Borrower wants to prepay.

If  Borrower  notifies  Lender that it wishes to  exercise  its  Prepayment
Option  for  amounts  that are not due for at least one year,  and  Lender  then
elects  to use  its  Conversion  Option  for  such  amounts,  then  Borrower  or
Goodrich-Delaware  may elect to  repurchase  one half of the  Common  Stock that
Lender received as a result of exercising  such Conversion  Option at a price of
$6.00 per share,  as adjusted  pursuant to Section 3.2 (the  "Clawback  Price").
This option  shall not be  assignable  by Borrower or  Goodrich-Delaware  to any
other party.

(d) Subject to the  provisions  of Section 4 and 5 below,  this Note is
subject to  prepayment,  in whole but not in part, at the option of the Company,
at any time after the third  anniversary of the date hereof,  without premium or
penalty.  In the event of any partial payment of principal or accrued  interest,
for whatever reason, or prepayment, any such partial payment of principal and/or
interest or  prepayment  of principal on the Notes shall be allocated  among the
respective Notes and holders thereof so that the amount of such payments to each
holder  shall  bear as nearly as  practicable  the same  ratio to the  aggregate
amount  then to be paid as the  principal  amount of the Notes then held by such
holder bears to the aggregate principal amount of Notes then outstanding.

(e) The Company  will give the Holder  written  notice  indicating  the
amount of any  prepayment and the proposed date thereof not more than sixty (60)
days and not less than  thirty  (30) days prior to any such  prepayment  of this
Note.

PREPAYMENT.
Some or all of the  outstanding  principal and accrued  interest under this
Note may be prepaid at any time without penalty, pursuant to the terms described
herein (the  "Prepayment  Option").  Borrower may only  exercise the  Prepayment
Option, if after giving Lender twenty (20) day's prior written notice Lender has
not elected to exercise its Conversion  Option for such amount as Borrower wants
to prepay.

BORROWER'S OPTION. 
If  Borrower  notifies  Lender that it wishes to  exercise  its  Prepayment
Option  for  amounts  that are not due for at least one year,  and  Lender  then
elects to use its Conversion Option for such amounts, then Goodrich-Delaware may
elect to  repurchase  one half of the Common  Stock that  Lender  received  as a
result of exercising  such  Conversion  Option at a price of $6.00 per share, as
adjusted pursuant to Section 3.2 (the "Clawback  Price").  

Mandatory Prepayment/Redemption.

(a) Change of Control. Subject to the subordination provisions
of Section 8 hereof, upon the occurrence of a Change of Control (as defined
herein), Borrower shall, unless the Holder shall have waived in writing its
rights under this Section 4(a), prepay the outstanding principal amount of this
Note at the applicable Redemption Price together with interest accrued thereon
through the date of such prepayment. 

(b) Prior to any obligation arising on the part of
Borrower to prepay the Note pursuant to Section 4(a), but in any event within 30
days following the occurrence of a Change of Control, as applicable, Borrower
shall either (i) repay, and terminate commitments under all Senior Indebtedness
to the extent required by the terms thereof, or (ii) offer to repay and
terminate commitments under all Senior Indebtedness to the extent required by
the terms thereof or (iii) obtain the requisite consents under all Senior
Indebtedness to permit the repurchase of the Notes as provided herein.

Optional Prepayment/Redemption.
(a) Upon notice given to the Holder as provided in
Section 5(b), Borrower, at its option, may prepay the principal amount of this
Note in full at any time after July 31, 2002, by paying to the Holder an amount
equal to the redemption prices (the "REDEMPTION PRICES") set forth below
(expressed as a percentage of the outstanding principal amount being prepaid,
from time to time) together with Interest accrued and unpaid thereon to the date
fixed for such prepayment; provided, however, that at any time prior to July 31,
2002, if the principal amount of this Note then outstanding is less than
$5,000,000, the Borrower, at its option, may prepay such principal amount in
full by paying to the Holder an amount equal to the outstanding principal amount
being repaid plus an additional amount equal to the product of (x) the
outstanding principal amount being prepaid and (y) the Interest Rate as in
effect on the date of prepayment. If any prepayment after July 31, 2002 is to be
made by Borrower to the Holder during the consecutive 12-month period
immediately preceding July 31, of the calendar year set forth below, the
Redemption Price shall be determined based upon the percentage of the
outstanding principal amount of this Note and which corresponds to period in
question:

All optional prepayments under this Section 5
shall include payment of accrued Interest on the principal amount of this Note
so prepaid and shall be applied first to all costs, expenses and indemnities
payable under the Purchase Agreement, then to payment of default interest, if
any, then to payment of Interest, and thereafter to principal.

Make Whole Amount. If prior to the third (3rd) anniversary of the
Issuance Date, the Holder converts all or any portion of this Note pursuant to
Section 3(c)(i) or the Company redeems all or any portion of this Note
pursuant to Section 9, then upon such conversion or redemption, the Holder
shall receive the Make-Whole Amount; provided, however, that in the event that
the Closing Sale Price of the Common Stock exceeds 140% of the initial
Conversion Price (as adjusted for any stock split, combination,
reclassification or similar transaction) for each of twenty (20) Trading Days
out of the thirty (30) consecutive Trading Day period ended on the Trading Day
immediately prior to the Conversion Date, then the Holder shall not be
entitled to receive the Make-Whole Amount. The Company shall pay any Make-
Whole Amount in cash.
