(b) Acceleration. If an Event of Default occurs under
Section 7(a)(vi) or (vii) with respect to Borrower, then (subject to the
subordination provisions set forth in Section 8 below) the outstanding principal
of and all accrued Interest on this Note shall automatically become immediately
due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or notice of any kind, all
of which are hereby expressly waived. If any other Event of Default occurs and
is continuing, subject to the subordination provisions set forth in Section 8
below, the Holder, by written notice to Borrower, may declare the principal of
and accrued Interest on this Note to be immediately due and payable. Upon such
declaration, such principal and Interest shall become immediately due and
payable. The Holder may rescind an acceleration and its consequences if all
existing Events of Default have been cured or waived, except nonpayment of
principal or Interest that has become due solely because of the acceleration,
and if the rescission
would not conflict with any judgment or decree. Any notice or rescission shall
be given in the manner specified in Section 11.6 of the Purchase Agreement.

Redemption Right. Each portion of this Note subject to redemption
by the Company pursuant to this Section 4(b) shall be redeemed by the Company
at a price equal to the sum of (i) any accrued and unpaid Interest on the
Conversion Amount to be redeemed and any accrued and unpaid Late Charges on
such Conversion Amount and Interest and (ii) the greater of (A) the product of
(1) the Conversion Amount to be redeemed and (2) the Redemption Premium and
(B) the product of (1) the Conversion Rate with respect to such Conversion
Amount in effect at such time as the Holder delivers an Event of Default
Redemption Notice and (2) the Closing Sale Price of the Common Stock on the
date immediately preceding such Event of Default (the **Event of Default
Redemption Price**). Redemptions required by this Section 4(b) shall be made
in accordance with the provisions of Section 12. To the extent redemptions
required by this Section 4(b) are deemed or determined by a court of competent
jurisdiction to be prepayments of the Note by the Company, such redemptions
shall be deemed to be voluntary prepayments. The parties hereto agree that in
the event of the Companys redemption of any portion of the Note under this
Section 4(b), the Holders damages would be uncertain and difficult to
estimate because of the parties inability to predict future interest rates
and the uncertainty of the availability of a suitable substitute investment
opportunity for the Holder. Accordingly, any Redemption Premium due under this
Section 4(b) is intended by the parties to be, and shall be deemed, a
reasonable estimate of the Holder's actual loss of its investment opportunity
and not as a penalty.

REMEDIES, CHARACTERIZATIONS, OTHER OBLIGATIONS, BREACHES AND INJUNCTIVE
RELIEF_. The remedies provided in this Note shall be cumulative and in
addition to all other remedies available under this Note and any of the other
Transaction Documents at law or in equity (including a decree of specific
performance and/or other injunctive relief), and nothing herein shall limit
the Holder's right to pursue actual and consequential damages for any failure
by the Company to comply with the terms of this Note. Amounts set forth or
provided for herein with respect to payments, conversion and the like (and the
computation thereof) shall be the amounts to be received by the Holder and
shall not, except as expressly provided herein, be subject to any other
obligation of the Company (or the performance thereof). The Company
acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause
irreparable harm to the Holder and that the remedy at law for any such breach
may be inadequate. The Company therefore agrees that, in the event of any such
breach or threatened breach, the Holder shall be entitled, in addition to all
other available remedies, to an injunction restraining any breach, without the
necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security
being required.
