CONVERSION OF PRINCIPAL AND ACCRUED INTEREST.

Beginning as of the Date of this Note first  written  above and  continuing
until all accrued  interest  and the  outstanding  principal  balance is paid in
full,  Lender may, at its option pursuant to the terms hereof,  by delivering to
Borrower a  Conversion  Notice,  as defined  in  Section  2.2,  elect to require
Borrower  to  convert  all or  part  of the  accrued  interest  and  outstanding
principal  that is owing  into  shares of  Goodrich-Delaware's  common  stock as
follows:

Conversion.  Some or all of the accrued  interest and principal  amount
outstanding shall be convertible into a number of shares of  Goodrich-Delaware's
common  stock,  which number of shares shall be equal to the quotient of (a) the
total accrued interest and outstanding  principal subject to conversion  divided
by (b) the  Conversion  Price,  as  defined  in  Section  3.1  (the  "Conversion
Option").

Conversion  Notice.  "Conversion  Notice" shall mean the written notice
that Lender may, at its option, give to Borrower, notifying Borrower of Lender's
decision to exercise a  Conversion  Option to convert some or all of the accrued
interest and  outstanding  principal into shares of  Goodrich-Delaware's  common
stock.    Borrower   will   deliver   to   Lender   the   required   shares   of
Goodrich-Delaware's  common stock within five (5) business days of receiving the
Conversion Notice.

Minimum  Conversion  Amount.  Each Conversion Notice given by Lender to
Borrower  shall  be for no less  that 10% of the  total  amount  of  outstanding
principal and accrued  interest owing under this Note from Borrower to Lender at
the time that the Conversion Notice is given.

ALTERNATIVE CONVERSION OPTION

Beginning as of October 1, 2002 and continuing  until all accrued  interest
and  outstanding  principal  balance is paid in full,  each  Lender  may, at its
option  pursuant to the terms hereof,  by delivering to Borrower an  Alternative
Conversion  Notice,  as defined in Section  4.2,  elect to require  Borrower  to
convert all or part of the accrued  interest and  outstanding  principal that is
owing into the Borrower's membership units as follows:

Alternative  Conversion.  If after  October 1, 2002,  neither  (a) the
common  stock of  Goodrich-Delaware  has a closing  price of at least  $3.00 per
share  nor  (b)  the  net  asset  value  per  share  of  the  common   stock  of
Goodrich-Delaware  is at least  $3.00  (calculated  by  valuing  the oil and gas
reserves of  Goodrich-Delaware on a consolidated basis at their SEC PV10% value,
and all other assets and  liabilities  in  accordance  with  Generally  Accepted
Accounting Principles ("GAAP")), both as adjusted pursuant to Section 3.2 hereof
(the "Lafitte  Conversion  Benchmark");  then the accrued interest and principal
amount  outstanding,  or any  portion  of it,  shall  be  convertible  into  the
Borrower's  membership  units  pursuant to the provisions of this Section 4 (the
"Alternative Conversion Option").

Conversion. The Holder of this Note will have the right, exercisable
at any time on or before  the  Maturity  Date,  by notice to the  Company at its
principal  office,  at the Holder's option, to convert the then unpaid principal
amount of this Note (or any  portion  hereof  that is an  integral  multiple  of
$1,000) into 500 fully paid and non-assessable shares of common stock, par value
$.10 per share,  of the Company (the "Common Stock") for each $1,000 face amount
of this Note,  representing a conversion price equal to $2.00 per share, subject
to adjustment as set forth below (the  "Conversion  Price").  The Company may at
any time,  by notice  to the  Holder,  require  the  conversion  of this Note in
accordance  with this Section 6, and the Holder shall  promptly  surrender  this
Note for conversion  following such notice,  provided that the Closing Price for
the Common Stock for thirty (30)  consecutive  trading days prior to such notice
is equal to or greater than $6.00 per share.

CONVERSION OF PRINCIPAL AND ACCRUED INTEREST.

Beginning as of the Date of this Note first  written  above and  continuing
until all accrued  interest  and the  outstanding  principal  balance is paid in
full,  Lender may, at its option pursuant to the terms hereof,  by delivering to
Borrower a  Conversion  Notice,  as defined  in  Section  2.2,  elect to require
Borrower  to  convert  all or  part  of the  accrued  interest  and  outstanding
principal  that is owing  into  shares of  Goodrich-Delaware's  common  stock as
follows:

Conversion.  Some or all of the accrued  interest and principal  amount
outstanding shall be convertible into a number of shares of  Goodrich-Delaware's
common  stock,  which number of shares shall be equal to the quotient of (a) the
total accrued interest and outstanding  principal subject to conversion  divided
by (b) the  Conversion  Price,  as  defined  in  Section  3.1  (the  "Conversion
Option").

Minimum  Conversion  Amount.  Each Conversion Notice given by Lender to
Borrower  shall  be for no less  that 10% of the  total  amount  of  outstanding
principal and accrued  interest owing under this Note from Borrower to Lender at
the time that the Conversion Notice is given.

Conversion.
(a) Right of Conversion; Conversion Price. Subject to the
terms and conditions of this Section 3, any Holder shall have the right, at its
option to convert all or any portion of the principal of this Note into Common
Stock of the Borrower (A "CONVERSION EVENT") (i) initially at the price of
$8.625 per share of Common Stock of the Borrower (as such price may be adjusted
in accordance with the provisions hereof (other than the adjustment made in
accordance with Section 3(a)(ii), the "BASE CONVERSION PRICE") or, (ii) if a
Market Price Event has not occurred as of the second anniversary of the Closing
Date, the Base Conversion Price shall be automatically reset to a price equal to
87.19% of the Base Conversion Price as in effect immediately prior to the
adjustment in accordance with this clause (ii) (the "RESET CONVERSION PRICE" and
the Base Conversion Price, whichever is then applicable, the "CONVERSION
PRICE").

(3) CONVERSION OF NOTES. This Note shall be convertible into shares of
common stock of the Company, $0.10 par value per share (the Common
Stock), on the terms and conditions set forth in this Section 3.

(a) _Conversion Right_. Subject to the provisions of Section 3(d), at any time
or times on or after the Issuance Date, the Holder shall be entitled to
convert any portion of the outstanding and unpaid Conversion Amount (as
defined below) into fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock in
accordance with Section 3(c), at the Conversion Rate (as defined below). The
Company shall not issue any fraction of a share of Common Stock upon any
conversion. If the issuance would result in the issuance of a fraction of a
share of Common Stock, the Company shall round such fraction of a share of
Common Stock up to the nearest whole share. The Company shall pay any and all
taxes that may be payable with respect to the initial issuance and delivery of
Common Stock upon conversion of any Conversion Amount.
